you did have a connection with Neil
Armstrong through music that you
discovered he liked this particular bit
of music is this true right yeah the
theremin the theremin yeah
theremin I think we've got that do you
want to tell us about the where did you
find this music had I just I loved the
theremin and I was happy to find out
that Neil of the theorem and I was
looking for ways to connect to him and
you know he's a genius who's filled with
you know incredible courage and he's a
master and many things and I was looking
for a connection there and then I
thought theremin and so I brought that
to the director and there was a this
really beautiful piece of music called
lunar Rhapsody music from the moon and
Neil and Janet were they loved it in in
college it was kind of their song and
you know having no idea that what their
lives would be common that the moon
would be so involved yeah with their
lives but we ended up using it in the
film and and then the composer took the
theremin and and learned how to play it
and a lot of our score is theremin bass
now it's really beautiful so this is a
little bit of the lunar what's called
the lunar Rhapsody lunar Rhapsody
that's the thing
it's good television but here's the
thing there's a weird link with theremin
with Doctor Who because the Doctor Who
theme has the theremin in it doesn't it
as well yeah I can't play it I'll cut
you
that's annoying because I've got the
theremin I got a theremin now I think
this is on so I don't you do anything to
it oh look yeah it's on it's on lady
Chaplin okay thank you though and so
that bit so this is keeps it quiet
have you played one of these before I
have not I've heard about it that keeps
it quiet okay
and then you take that off wouldn't go
to a concert
give it a whirl give it a whirl lady
Lady Gaga on the third
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
haven't go with it off the new fee okay
so let's go let's get the doctor who
does
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't know what we paid for that but
it was really worth it
[Music]
you